DOCSP-47758-history-command (#396)
mongodb/docs-mongodb-shell: source/logs/command-history.txt

   * - Windows
     - ``%UserProfile%/.mongodb/mongosh/mongosh_repl_history``

Starting in |mdb-shell| 2.4.0, you can use the ``history()`` command to
view a list of previously executed commands. For example:

.. code-block:: javascript

   history()

> Example output, which shows a list of commands in an array of strings:

Reviewer: [nit] Can we make this into a complete sentence? 
```suggestion
The following example output shows a list of commands in an array of strings:
```

Author: Done

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: false

   [
     'db.salesFromFile.find()',

>      '   let salesCollection = JSON.parse( db.sales.find().toArray() )   ',

Reviewer: [question] When I ran this sequence of commands, the `history()` output doesn't have these indentations. Did you add these for readability?

Author: No, didn't add anything. It adds the indents depending on what commands were run. Will leave as is. Cheers.

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks for the clarification!

   * - Windows
     - ``%UserProfile%/.mongodb/mongosh/mongosh_repl_history``

Starting in |mdb-shell| 2.4.0, you can use the ``history()`` command to

> view a list of previously executed commands. For example:

Reviewer 2: We should state somewhere that the history is returned in chronological order (as opposed to reverse chronological order, which is also a popular choice in other tools)

Author: Done

.. code-block:: javascript

   history()

The following example output shows a list of commands in an array of
strings:

.. code-block:: javascript
   :copyable: false

   [
     'db.salesFromFile.find()',
     '   let salesCollection = JSON.parse( db.sales.find().toArray() )   ',
     '   let salesCollection = JSON.parse( db.sales.find() )   ',
     '   let salesCollection = EJSON.stringify( db.sales.find().toArray() )   ',

>      "   fs.writeFileSync( 'salesDeserialize.json', salesCollection ) ",

Reviewer 2: Why the indentation? Not saying it's bad, just surprising

Author: Used different example
